feat(curriculum): adding teacher bot workshop (#55870)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-teacher-chatbot/66b59829dba144ff1351220f.md

---
id: 66b59829dba144ff1351220f
title: Step 3
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

Now it is time to create a greeting using the `botName` variable.

In the previous lecture videos, you learned how to concatenate strings using template literals like this:

```js
const name = "John";

// "Hello, John!"
`Hello, ${name}!`;
```

Start by creating a variable called `greeting`.

> Then using template literal syntax, assign a string that says `My name is` followed by the `botName` variable followed by a period (`.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, using template literal syntax, assign a string that says `My name is`, followed by the `botName` variable, and ending with a period (`.`).
```
